>> Kyle Simpson: The same class syntax.
But this is like the underneath the sugar,
this is what the code would look like.
This is the old school way of doing
a prototypal class, so called.
You notice that we have a workshop
function which is going to serve sort of
the purpose of the constructor.
And then we start adding methods
to the Workshop.prototype, and
we cog new calls and stuff.
So you see some of
the underpinnings of classes, but
this is the plumbing underneath what
is happening in the class sugar.
It's not that you would really write this
code anymore because if you wanted to do
classes at all you almost certainly
be using the class syntax.
You wouldn't write this prototypal code
anymore, but I think it's important for
you to understand how this plumbing works.
Where are the relationships?
Where are all of those linkages?
Since they're not copies and since
copying is actually a bad mental model,
we need a different mental model that
helps us understand how class works, how
it really works, so that we can understand
when it breaks, why did it break?
Why did it do something
different than what we expected?